Update checkpointing documentation to mark resume_from_checkpoint as deprecated (#20361) (#20477)
Lightning-AI/pytorch-lightning: docs/source-pytorch/common/checkpointing_basic.rst

----

.. important::

   **Important Update: Deprecated Method**

>    Starting from PyTorch Lightning v1.0.0, the `resume_from_checkpoint` parameter has been deprecated. To resume training from a checkpoint, use the `ckpt_path` parameter in the `fit()` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Starting from PyTorch Lightning v1.0.0, the `resume_from_checkpoint` argument has been deprecated. To resume training from a checkpoint, use the `ckpt_path` argument in the `fit()` method.
```

----

*********************
Resume training state
*********************

If you don't just want to load weights, but instead restore the full training, do the following:

> .. warning::

Reviewer: Can we move the warning after the correct usage? Let's first describe the right way to go about it, then show the warning.

>    The parameter `resume_from_checkpoint` has been deprecated in recent versions of PyTorch Lightning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The argument `resume_from_checkpoint` has been deprecated in versions of PyTorch Lightning >= 1.0.0.
```

Reviewer: Also, since this will now come after the correct way, I'd word this as:

In versions of PyTorch Lightning prior to 1.0.0, resuming training state was achieved via the `resume_from_checkpoint` argument of `Trainer`. The argument has been deprecated since, in favor of the `ckpt_path` argument of `fit`.
